Discover default domain from gateway (#515)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/contributor/04-10-technical-design.md

The controller is responsible for handling the [APIRule CR](../user/custom-resources/apirule/01-40-apirule-custom-resource.md).  
Additionally, the controller watches the [`api-gateway-config`](../user/custom-resources/apirule/01-40-apirule-custom-resource.md#jwt-access-strategy) to configure the JWT handler.

API Rule Controller has a conditional dependency to API Gateway Controller in terms of the default APIRule domain. If no domain is configured in APIGateway CR, API Rule Controller uses the default Kyma Gateway domain as the default value for creating Virtual Services.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, you must configure a domain in APIGateway CR. The possibility of skipping this step and using the default domain will be available at a later time. See the [epic task](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/130).
```

> The API Rule Controller has a conditional dependency to API Gateway controller in terms of default API Rule domain. If no domain is configured in API Gateway CR (currently not yet possible), API Rule controller will use default kyma gateway domain as the default value for created Virtual Services

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API Rule Controller has a conditional dependency to API Gateway controller in terms of default API Rule domain. If no domain is configured in API Gateway CR (currently not yet possible), API Rule controller will use default kyma gateway domain as the default value for created Virtual Services.
```

> The API Rule Controller has a conditional dependency to API Gateway controller in terms of default API Rule domain. If no domain is configured in API Gateway CR (currently not yet possible), API Rule controller will use default kyma gateway domain as the default value for created Virtual Services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Rule Controller has a conditional dependency to API Gateway Controller in terms of the default APIRule domain. If no domain is configured in APIGateway CR, API Rule Controller uses the default Kyma Gateway domain for creating Virtual Services.
```
